Team Members:
  Oscar Campos
  Julio Chavez
  Anthony Friday
  Braxton Olterman
  William Pickens

Initial Brainstorming for game ideas. 
  We used the sticky note method to brainstorm games we might like to design. After about 3 rounds of sticky notes we came up with about 15 games. We then started to eliminate games based
    off of how the team felt game logic would flow/be implemented. We ended up eliminating until we got down to top 3 games; Battleship, Wordle, and Hangman. We then voted on what game
    we thought would be easiest to implement and we settled on Hangman.

Initial ideas for requirements.
  After we got our game figured out, we then started another round of sticky note brainstorming to come up with features the game had to have. The feature list is as follows:
    Must use a word bank of 5-15 letter words.
    Must have adaptive display settings to accommodate a variety of screen sizes.
    Must use English words only. 
    Three difficulty settings (easy, medium, hard) that would determine the length of word you get to guess.
    Score based on correct letter guesses.
    Higher difficulty word would net more points /correct guess.
    If a player gets a score that ranks "top 10", they can input their initials for the leaderboard.
    When a letter is guessed and there is more than one of that letter in the word, all blank spots that contain that letter would display the letter on that one guess.
    Unable to select an incorrect letter more than once. 
    Must have an alphabet display to show guessed letters. Once a letter is guessed, the letter on the display will shade or mark the letter out to show it has been used already.
    Hangman body parts (head, body, arm, arm, leg, leg) sould appear on the gallow when an incorrect letter is guessed.
    If the player gets to six incorrect guesses, the game is over. 
    If the player the guesses the word correctly, they can continue for another word or go back to main menu.
    End of game summary to display number of correctly guessed words, number of incorrect guesses, and total score. 
